# PowerOfficeGoV2.Model.SalesOrderLineDto
The sales order line DTO contains all properties relevant to a sales order line in Go

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Accrual** | [**Accrual**](Accrual.md) |  | [optional] 
**Allowance** | **double** | The percent of allowance/discount or allowance charge for this sales order line.  The value is between -1000 and 100 (reflects as -1000% or 100% in the GUI).  Negative percentage means the line is set with allowance charge.  Positive percentage means the line is set up with discount/allowance.  If null, the allowance may inherit the value set on the Customer entity, if the value is set on the customer. | [optional] 
**DepartmentCode** | **string** | The code of the department associated with the sales order line.  Will inherit department code from sales order head if not specifically set on the line.  Department Code &#x3D; -1 means no department. | [optional] [readonly] 
**DepartmentId** | **long** | The id of the department associated with the sales order line.  Will inherit department id from sales order head if not specifically set on the line.  Department Id &#x3D; -1 means no department.  Departments can be queried and identified using the Departments endpoint. | [optional] 
**Description** | **string** | The description for the sales order line.  When product is set on the line, the description will be the name of the product if no other description is specifically set on the line.  It is usually recommended to set a specific description in order to control the information on the line. | [optional] 
**Dim1Code** | **string** | The code of the dimension 1 associated with the sales order line.  Dimension 1-3 are customizable dimensions that can be defined and queried using the Custom Dimensions endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Dim1Id** | **long** | The id of the dimension 1 associated with the sales order line.  Will inherit dimension 1 id from sales order head if not specifically set on the line.  Dimension 1-3 are customizable dimensions that can be defined and queried using the Custom Dimensions endpoint.  Dim1Id &#x3D; -1 means no dimension 1. | [optional] 
**Dim2Code** | **string** | The code of the dimension 2 associated with the sales order line.  Dimension 1-3 are customizable dimensions that can be defined and queried using the Custom Dimensions endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Dim2Id** | **long** | The id of the dimension 2 associated with the sales order line.  Will inherit dimension 2 id from sales order head if not specifically set on the line.  Dimension 1-3 are customizable dimensions that can be defined and queried using the Custom Dimensions endpoint.  Dim2Id &#x3D; -1 means no dimension 2. | [optional] 
**Dim3Code** | **string** | The code of the dimension 3 associated with the sales order line.  Dimension 1-3 are customizable dimensions that can be defined and queried using the Custom Dimensions endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Dim3Id** | **long** | The id of the dimension 3 associated with the sales order line.  Will inherit dimension 3 id from sales order head if not specifically set on the line.  Dimension 1-3 are customizable dimensions that can be defined and queried using the Custom Dimensions endpoint.  Dim3Id &#x3D; -1 means no dimension 3. | [optional] 
**ExternalImportReference** | **string** | The external import reference for the sales order line.  This property can be set by integrations posting vouchers in Go or creating sales orders (invoice drafts), in order to reference the external system&#39;s invoice line and ensure a duplicate check (only one instance of the reference can exist within each invoice object).  Can be used to correlate/duplicate check transaction. | [optional] 
**Id** | **Guid** | The identifier of the sales order line.  The id is assigned by Go when the line is created.  NOTE that when the sales order is successfully converted to invoice and sent, this id will no longer be usable since the replacing invoice object will have new ids. | [optional] [readonly] 
**LineType** | **VoucherLineType** |  | [optional] 
**LocationCode** | **string** | The code of the location dimension associated with the sales order line.  Locations can be queried and identified using the Locations endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**LocationId** | **long** | The id of the location dimension associated with the sales order line.  Will inherit location id from sales order head if not specifically set on the line.  Locations can be queried and identified using the Locations endpoint.  LocationId &#x3D; -1 means no location. | [optional] 
**NetAmount** | **double** | The net amount of the sales order line (vat exclusive).  This amount is presented in the currency used on the sales order head (the currency given by the currencyCode).  This value will be calculated if product is set (and the product have a sales account set or inherited),  and quantity and unit price is set. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ProductCode** | **string** | The code of the product associated with the sales order line.  Products can be queried and identified using the Products endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ProductId** | **long** | The id of the product associated with the sales order line.  The product-object in Go contain information of sales account  (in effect which sales account number is used when the order is invoiced, and which VAT code option that can be applied).  Products can be queried and identified using the Products endpoint. | [optional] 
**ProductUnitCost** | **double** | The cost per unit of the product associated with the sales order line.  Will inherit (on creation) the unit cost set on the product object if not specifically set on the line. | [optional] 
**ProductUnitPrice** | **double** | The sales price per unit of the product associated with the sales order line.  Will inherit (on creation) the sales price set on the product object if not specifically set on the line. | [optional] 
**ProjectCode** | **string** | The code of the project associated with the sales order line.  Projects can be queried and identified using the Projects endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ProjectId** | **long** | The id of the project associated with the sales order line.  Will inherit project id from sales order head if not specifically set on the line.  Projects can be queried and identified using the Projects endpoint.  ProjectId &#x3D; -1 means no project. | [optional] 
**Quantity** | **double** | The quantity for the sales order line.  Required to set if the line contain a product code.  NOTE Setting a negative quantity, will result in the line being interpreted as a creditation of the product quantity.  If the sum of the lines for the total sales order is negative, the sales order is considered a credit note draft. | [optional] 
**SalesOrderId** | **Guid** | The identifier of the sales order the current line belongs to. | [optional] [readonly] 
**SellersReferenceEmployeeId** | **long** | The id of the employee set as the seller reference for the sales order line.  Will inherit the seller reference from sales order head if not specifically set on the line.  Employees can be queried and identified using the Employees endpoint. | [optional] 
**SellersReferenceEmployeeNo** | **long** | The number of the employee set as the seller reference for the sales order line.  Employees can be queried and identified using the Employees endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**SortOrder** | **int** | The sort order of the sales order line.  Sort order start at 0.  The first line as viewed from the GUI, will have sortOrder &#x3D; 0. | [optional] 
**TotalAmount** | **double** | The total amount of this sales order line (vat inclusive).  This amount is presented in the currency used on the sales order head (the currency given by the currencyCode).  This value will be calculated if product is set (and the product have a sales account set or inherited),  and quantity and unit prices is set. | [optional] [readonly] 
**UnitOfMeasureCode** | **UnitOfMeasureType** |  | [optional] 
**UseStandardSalesAccount** | **bool** | Whether the standard sales account of the product set on the sales order line is used.                 If false, the optional sales account set on the product is used.  Query the product endpoint to retrieve the sales account information on the product.                    If set to null, the standard sales account will be inherited from the customer account&#39;s VAT-free  setting. In other words, if the VAT-free setting is enabled, the StandardSalesAccount will be set to  false and the optional sales account set on the product is used.                The concept of sales accounts is also explained in the common workflow articles. | [optional] 
**VatAmount** | **double** | The VAT amount of the sales order line.  This amount is presented in the currency used on the sales order head (the currency given by the currencyCode).  This value will be calculated if product is set (and the product have a sales account with vat set or inherited),  and quantity and unit price is set. | [optional] [readonly] 
**VatCode** | **string** | The VAT code used on the sales order line.  Present if product is set on the sales order line.  The vat code is inherited from the sales account used for the product set on the sales order line (either the standard or optional sales account).  Standard codes in Go is based on the SAF-T standard. | [optional] [readonly] 
**VatId** | **int** | The id of the the VAT code used on the sales order line.  Vat codes can be queried and identified using the VatCodes endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**VatRate** | **double** | The VAT rate for the vat code used on the sales order line. | [optional] [readonly] 
**VatReturnSpecification** | **VatReturnSpecification** |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

