# PowerOfficeGoV2.Model.SalesOrderCompletePostDto
The sales order complete post DTO contains only properties relevant to a sales order (invoice draft) in Go (this includes sales order lines) that can be created via POST-method in API.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**BrandingThemeCode** | **string** | The code of the branding theme associated with the sales order.  If null in the header, the value may inherit from any project set on the sales order, or from the clients default branding theme.  Note that if BrandingThemeId is set as well in the request, BrandingThemeId takes precedence and BrandingThemeCode is ignored. | [optional] 
**BrandingThemeId** | **long** | The id of the branding theme associated with the sales order.  If null in the header, the value may inherit from any project set on the sales order, or from the clients default branding theme.  Branding themes can be queried and identified using the Sales Settings endpoint. | [optional] 
**ContactDeliveryAddressId** | **long** | The id of the contact delivery address associated with the sales order.  Contact delivery addresses can be queries and identified using the Contact Delivery Addresses endpoint. | [optional] 
**ContractNo** | **string** | The contract number. | [optional] 
**CurrencyCode** | **string** | The standard currency code for the sales order.  Currencies active on the client can be queried using the AccountingSettings service.  Currency codes follow the ISO4217 standard.  Defaults to NOK, but may inherit the value set on the Customer entity if null. | [optional] 
**CurrencyExchangeRate** | **double** | The normalized currency exchange rate.  Always base 1. | [optional] 
**CustomMatchingReference** | **string** | The custom matching reference of the sales order.  This property will only have value on entries created through the API or Import with CustomMatchingReference specified.  This property is used for matching purposes in the customer sub-ledger account, where entries posted with a CustomMatchingReference will be matched immediately with existing entries in the sub-ledger that have the same CustomMatchingReference and opposite amount (unless existing entries are already matched out). | [optional] 
**CustomerId** | **long** | The id of the customer associated with the sales order.  Customers can be queried and identified using the Customers endpoint. | [optional] 
**CustomerNo** | **long** | The customer number for the customer associated with the sales order.  Note that if CustomerId is set as well in the request, CustomerId takes precedence and CustomerNo is ignored. | [optional] 
**CustomerReference** | **string** | The customer reference (ie buyers reference) of the sales order.  This property is often used to give the receiver of the (eventual) invoice a reference they are familiar with.  If CustomerReferenceContactPersonId has value, the name of the customers contact person is returned on get,  otherwise the \&quot;Your Reference\&quot; text used on the (eventual) invoice will be returned. | [optional] 
**CustomerReferenceContactPersonId** | **long** | The id of the customer reference contact person (ie buyers reference) of the sales order.  If null, the value will be inherited from the project or the customer associated with the sales order.  If set, the contact persons name will be set as the CustomerReference on the sales order.  Contact persons can be queried and identified using the Contact person endpoint. | [optional] 
**DeliveryDate** | **DateOnly** | The delivery date of the sales order.  Will default to the date when the sales order is sent (converted to invoice) if not set via import or api. | [optional] 
**DeliveryTerm** | **string** | The delivery term of the sales order.  The default set of delivery terms provided in Go are incoterms, but any custom string can be set.  If null, the value will be inherited from project, customer or the client delivery term settings.  Note that if DeliveryTermId is set as well in the request, DeliveryTermId takes precedence and DeliveryTerm is ignored. | [optional] 
**DeliveryTermId** | **long** | The id of the delivery term of the sales order.  If null, the value will be inherited from project, customer or the client delivery term settings.  Delivery terms can be queried and identified using the Delivery terms endpoint. | [optional] 
**DepartmentCode** | **string** | The code of the department associated with the sales order.  This is the department set in the header of the sales order.  If null in the header, the value may inherit from the project, customer or the employee creating the sales order (if created using the GUI) - in that order.  The sales order lines will inherit this value if no other department (or no department) is specified on the line.  Note that if DepartmentId is set as well in the request, DepartmentId takes precedence and DepartmentCode is ignored.  DepartmentCode &#x3D; -1 means no department. | [optional] 
**DepartmentId** | **long** | The id of the department associated with the sales order.  This is the department set in the header of the sales order.  If null in the header, the value may inherit from the project, customer or the employee creating the sales order (if created using the GUI) - in that order.  The sales order lines will inherit this value if no other department (or no department) is specified on the line.  DepartmentId &#x3D; -1 means no department.  Departments can be queried and identified using the Departments endpoint. | [optional] 
**Dim1Code** | **string** | The code of the dimension 1 associated with the sales order.  This is the dimension 1 set in the header of the sales order.  The sales order lines might specify other dimension 1 values or no dimension 1.  Note that if Dim1Id is set as well in the request, Dim1Id takes precedence and Dim1Code is ignored.  Dim1Code &#x3D; -1 means no dimension 1. | [optional] 
**Dim1Id** | **long** | The id of the dimension 1 associated with the sales order.  This is the dimension 1 set in the header of the sales order.  The sales order lines might specify other dimension 1 values or no dimension 1.  Dimension 1-3 are customizable dimensions that can be defined and queried using the Custom Dimensions endpoint.  Dim1Id &#x3D; -1 means no dimension 1. | [optional] 
**Dim2Code** | **string** | The code of the dimension 2 associated with the sales order.  This is the dimension 2 set in the header of the sales order.  The sales order lines might specify other dimension 2 values or no dimension 2.  Dim2Code &#x3D; -1 means no dimension 2. | [optional] 
**Dim2Id** | **long** | The id of the dimension 2 associated with the sales order.  This is the dimension 2 set in the header of the sales order.  The sales order lines might specify other dimension 2 values or no dimension 2.  Dimension 1-3 are customizable dimensions that can be defined and queried using the Custom Dimensions endpoint.  Dim2Id &#x3D; -1 means no dimension 2. | [optional] 
**Dim3Code** | **string** | The code of the dimension 3 associated with the sales order.  This is the dimension 3 set in the header of the sales order.  The sales order lines might specify other dimension 3 values or no dimension 3.  Dim3Code &#x3D; -1 means no dimension 3. | [optional] 
**Dim3Id** | **long** | The id of the dimension 3 associated with the sales order.  This is the dimension 3 set in the header of the sales order.  The sales order lines might specify other dimension 3 values or no dimension 3.  Dimension 1-3 are customizable dimensions that can be defined and queried using the Custom Dimensions endpoint.  Dim3Id &#x3D; -1 means no dimension 3. | [optional] 
**ExternalImportReference** | **string** | The ExternalImportReference associated with the sales order.  This property can be set by integrations creating sales orders, in order to reference the external system and ensure a duplicate check (only one instance of the reference can exist for the object type).  Can be used to correlate/duplicate check transactions. | [optional] 
**ImportedOrderNo** | **long** | The imported order number.  Can only be set on sales orders created using the api or import, and on vouchers posted directly using the api or an import.  Can be used to reference the order number in the external system.  The imported order number is visible on the sales order in the Go GUI. | [optional] 
**LocationCode** | **string** | The code of the location dimension associated with the sales order.  This is the location set in the header of the sales order.  The sales order lines will inherit this value if no other location (or no location) is specified on the line.  Note that if LocationId is set as well in the request, LocationId takes precedence and LocationCode is ignored.  LocationCode &#x3D; -1 means no location. | [optional] 
**LocationId** | **long** | The id of the location dimension associated with the sales order.  This is the location set in the header of the sales order.  The sales order lines will inherit this value if no other location (or no location) is specified on the line.  Locations can be queried and identified using the Locations endpoint.  LocationId &#x3D; -1 means no location. | [optional] 
**PaymentTerm** | **int** | The payment term of the sales order.  This is the default number of days after an invoice is sent until it is due.  If null, the value will be inherited from project, customer or the client payment term settings.  Note that if PaymentTermId is set as well in the request, PaymentTermId takes precedence and PaymentTerm is ignored. | [optional] 
**PaymentTermId** | **long** | The id of the payment term of the sales order.  This is the default number of days after an invoice is sent until it is due.  If null, the value will be inherited from project, customer or the client payment term settings.  Payment terms can be queried and identified using the Payment terms endpoint. | [optional] 
**ProjectCode** | **string** | The code of the project associated with the sales order.  This is the project set in the header of the order.  The sales order lines will inherit this value if no other project (or no project) is specified on the line.  Note that if ProjectId is set as well in the request, ProjectId takes precedence and ProjectCode is ignored.  ProjectCode &#x3D; -1 means no project. | [optional] 
**ProjectId** | **long** | The id of the project associated with the sales order.  This is the project set in the header of the order.  The sales order lines will inherit this value if no other project (or no project) is specified on the line.  Projects can be queried and identified using the Projects endpoint.  ProjectId &#x3D; -1 means no project. | [optional] 
**PurchaseOrderReference** | **string** | The purchase order reference on the sales order.  The property can be used to reference purchase order places by the customer. | [optional] 
**RelatedInvoiceNo** | **long** | The related invoice number.  Can only be set for sales orders that are credit note drafts.  If set, this property will reference the original invoice being credited. | [optional] 
**SalesOrderDate** | **DateOnly** | The sales order date.  Will default to the date when the sales order is sent (converted to invoice) if not set via import or api. | [optional] 
**SalesOrderLines** | [**List&lt;SalesOrderLinePostDto&gt;**](SalesOrderLinePostDto.md) | The sales order lines. | [optional] 
**SalesOrderStatus** | **OrderStatus** |  | [optional] 
**SalesPersonEmployeeId** | **long** | The (employee) id of the sales person associated with the sales order.  If null, the sales person on the customer this sales order relates to is used or the default sales person from the SalesSettings.  Employees can be queried and identified using the Employees endpoint. | [optional] 
**SalesPersonEmployeeNumber** | **long** | The employee number of the sales person associated with the sales order.  If null, the sales person on the customer this sales order relates to is used or the default sales person from the SalesSettings.  Note that if SalesPersonEmployeeId is set as well in the request, SalesPersonEmployeeId takes precedence and SalesPersonEmployeeNumber is ignored. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

