# PowerOfficeGoV2.Model.SalesOrderDto
The sales order DTO contains all properties relevant to a sales order (invoice draft) in Go without sales order lines.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**BrandingThemeCode** | **string** | The code of the branding theme associated with the sales order.  Branding themes can be queried and identified using the Sales Settings endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**BrandingThemeId** | **long** | The id of the branding theme associated with the sales order.  If null in the header, the value may inherit from any project set on the sales order, or from the clients default branding theme.  Branding themes can be queried and identified using the Sales Settings endpoint. | [optional] 
**ContactDeliveryAddressId** | **long** | The id of the contact delivery address associated with the sales order.  Contact delivery addresses can be queries and identified using the Contact Delivery Addresses endpoint. | [optional] 
**ContractNo** | **string** | The contract number. | [optional] 
**CreatedDateTimeOffset** | **DateTimeOffset** | The timestamp when the sales order was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**CurrencyCode** | **string** | The standard currency code for the sales order.  Currencies active on the client can be queried using the AccountingSettings service.  Currency codes follow the ISO4217 standard.  Defaults to NOK, but may inherit the value set on the Customer entity if null. | [optional] 
**CurrencyExchangeRate** | **double** | The normalized currency exchange rate.  Always base 1. | [optional] 
**CustomMatchingReference** | **string** | The custom matching reference of the sales order.  This property will only have value on entries created through the API or Import with CustomMatchingReference specified.  This property is used for matching purposes in the customer sub-ledger account, where entries posted with a CustomMatchingReference will be matched immediately with existing entries in the sub-ledger that have the same CustomMatchingReference and opposite amount (unless existing entries are already matched out). | [optional] 
**CustomerId** | **long** | The id of the customer associated with the sales order.  Customers can be queried and identified using the Customers endpoint. | [optional] 
**CustomerNo** | **long** | The number of the customer associated with the sales order.  Customers can be queried and identified using the Customers endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**CustomerReference** | **string** | The customer reference (ie buyers reference) of the sales order.  This property is often used to give the receiver of the (eventual) invoice a reference they are familiar with.  If CustomerReferenceContactPersonId has value, the name of the customers contact person is returned on get,  otherwise the \&quot;Your Reference\&quot; text used on the (eventual) invoice will be returned. | [optional] 
**CustomerReferenceContactPersonId** | **long** | The id of the customer reference contact person (ie buyers reference) of the sales order.  If null, the value will be inherited from the project or the customer associated with the sales order.  If set, the contact persons name will be set as the CustomerReference on the sales order.  Contact persons can be queried and identified using the Contact person endpoint. | [optional] 
**DeliveryDate** | **DateTimeOffset** | The delivery date of the sales order.  Will default to the date when the sales order is sent (converted to invoice) if not set via import or api. | [optional] 
**DeliveryTerm** | **string** | The delivery term of the sales order.  If null, the value will be inherited from project, customer or the client delivery term settings.  Delivery terms can be queried and identified using the Delivery terms endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**DeliveryTermId** | **long** | The id of the delivery term of the sales order.  If null, the value will be inherited from project, customer or the client delivery term settings.  Delivery terms can be queried and identified using the Delivery terms endpoint. | [optional] 
**DepartmentCode** | **string** | The code of the department associated with the sales order.  This is the department set in the header of the sales order.  If null in the header, the value may inherit from the project, customer or the employee creating the sales order (if created using the GUI) - in that order.  The sales order lines will inherit this value if no other department (or no department) is specified on the line.  DepartmentCode &#x3D; -1 means no department.  Departments can be queried and identified using the Departments endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**DepartmentId** | **long** | The id of the department associated with the sales order.  This is the department set in the header of the sales order.  If null in the header, the value may inherit from the project, customer or the employee creating the sales order (if created using the GUI) - in that order.  The sales order lines will inherit this value if no other department (or no department) is specified on the line.  DepartmentId &#x3D; -1 means no department.  Departments can be queried and identified using the Departments endpoint. | [optional] 
**Dim1Code** | **string** | The code of the dimension 1 associated with the sales order.  Dim1Code &#x3D; -1 means no dimension 1.  Dimension 1-3 are customizable dimensions that can be defined and queried using the Custom Dimensions endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Dim1Id** | **long** | The id of the dimension 1 associated with the sales order.  This is the dimension 1 set in the header of the sales order.  The sales order lines might specify other dimension 1 values or no dimension 1.  Dimension 1-3 are customizable dimensions that can be defined and queried using the Custom Dimensions endpoint.  Dim1Id &#x3D; -1 means no dimension 1. | [optional] 
**Dim2Code** | **string** | The code of the dimension 2 associated with the sales order.  Dim2Code &#x3D; -1 means no dimension 2.  Dimension 1-3 are customizable dimensions that can be defined and queried using the Custom Dimensions endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Dim2Id** | **long** | The id of the dimension 2 associated with the sales order.  This is the dimension 2 set in the header of the sales order.  The sales order lines might specify other dimension 2 values or no dimension 2.  Dimension 1-3 are customizable dimensions that can be defined and queried using the Custom Dimensions endpoint.  Dim2Id &#x3D; -1 means no dimension 2. | [optional] 
**Dim3Code** | **string** | The code of the dimension 3 associated with the sales order.  Dim3Code &#x3D; -1 means no dimension 3.  Dimension 1-3 are customizable dimensions that can be defined and queried using the Custom Dimensions endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Dim3Id** | **long** | The id of the dimension 3 associated with the sales order.  This is the dimension 3 set in the header of the sales order.  The sales order lines might specify other dimension 3 values or no dimension 3.  Dimension 1-3 are customizable dimensions that can be defined and queried using the Custom Dimensions endpoint.  Dim3Id &#x3D; -1 means no dimension 3. | [optional] 
**ExternalImportReference** | **string** | The ExternalImportReference associated with the sales order.  This property can be set by integrations creating sales orders, in order to reference the external system and ensure a duplicate check (only one instance of the reference can exist for the object type).  Can be used to correlate/duplicate check transactions. | [optional] 
**Id** | **Guid** | The identifier of the sales order.  The id is assigned by Go when the sales order is created.  This id will persist on sent invoices and the voucher of sent invoices, if the sales order (invoice draft) is sent. // todo: er dette riktig? | [optional] [readonly] 
**ImportedOrderNo** | **long** | The imported order number.  Can only be set on sales orders created using the api or import, and on vouchers posted directly using the api or an import.  Can be used to reference the order number in the external system.  The imported order number is visible on the sales order in the Go GUI. | [optional] 
**IsCreatedByCurrentIntegration** | **bool** | Value indicating whether the sales order is created by the integration currently communicating with the API.  Will be true for all entries that are created by the same integration user (same Application Key) as the integration currently authorized.  Can be used in filtering if only the current integration&#39;s entries are relevant to report. | [optional] [readonly] 
**LastChangedDateTimeOffset** | **DateTimeOffset** | The timestamp of the last change of the sales order. | [optional] [readonly] 
**LineCount** | **long** | The number of lines on this sales order. | [optional] [readonly] 
**LocationCode** | **string** | The code of the location dimension associated with the sales order.  Locations can be queried and identified using the Locations endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**LocationId** | **long** | The id of the location dimension associated with the sales order.  This is the location set in the header of the sales order.  The sales order lines will inherit this value if no other location (or no location) is specified on the line.  Locations can be queried and identified using the Locations endpoint.  LocationId &#x3D; -1 means no location. | [optional] 
**NetAmount** | **double** | The net amount of the order (vat exclusive).  This amount is presented in the currency used on the order (the currency given by the currencyCode). | [optional] [readonly] 
**PaymentTerm** | **int** | The payment term of the sales order.  This is the default number of days after an invoice is sent until it is due.  If null, the value will be inherited from project, customer or the client payment term settings.  Payment terms can be queried and identified using the Payment terms endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**PaymentTermId** | **long** | The id of the payment term of the sales order.  This is the default number of days after an invoice is sent until it is due.  If null, the value will be inherited from project, customer or the client payment term settings.  Payment terms can be queried and identified using the Payment terms endpoint. | [optional] 
**ProjectCode** | **string** | The code of the project associated with the sales order.  This is the project set in the header of the order.  The sales order lines will inherit this value if no other project (or no project) is specified on the line.  ProjectCode &#x3D; -1 means no project.  Projects can be queried and identified using the Projects endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ProjectId** | **long** | The id of the project associated with the sales order.  This is the project set in the header of the order.  The sales order lines will inherit this value if no other project (or no project) is specified on the line.  Projects can be queried and identified using the Projects endpoint.  ProjectId &#x3D; -1 means no project. | [optional] 
**PurchaseOrderReference** | **string** | The purchase order reference on the sales order.  The property can be used to reference purchase order places by the customer. | [optional] 
**RelatedInvoiceNo** | **long** | The related invoice number.  Can only be set for sales orders that are credit note drafts.  If set, this property will reference the original invoice being credited. | [optional] 
**SalesOrderDate** | **DateTimeOffset** | The sales order date.  Will default to the date when the sales order is sent (converted to invoice) if not set via import or api. | [optional] 
**SalesOrderNo** | **long** | The sales order number.  This value is autogenerated by Go. | [optional] [readonly] 
**SalesOrderStatus** | **OrderStatus** |  | [optional] 
**SalesPersonEmployeeId** | **long** | The (employee) id of the sales person associated with the sales order.  If null, the sales person on the customer this sales order relates to is used or the default sales person from the SalesSettings.  Employees can be queried and identified using the Employees endpoint. | [optional] 
**SalesPersonEmployeeNumber** | **long** | The employee number of the sales person associated with the sales order.  If null, the sales person on the customer this sales order relates to is used or the default sales person from the SalesSettings.  Employees can be queried and identified using the Employees endpoint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**TotalAmount** | **double** | The total amount of the sales order (VAT inclusive).  This amount is presented in the currency used on the sales order (the currency given by the currencyCode). | [optional] [readonly] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

