# PowerOfficeGoV2.Model.VoucherType
Enum defining what kind of voucher the voucher is<p>Members:</p><ul><li><i>Unknown</i> - Unknown voucher type - Vouchers with a new voucher type not yet implemented in current version of the API will have this value.                 If this value appears, a new version of the API should be available and should be implemented.</li><li><i>IncomingInvoice</i> - Incoming invoice sent from a supplier to the client.</li><li><i>IncomingCreditNote</i> - Incoming credit note sent from a supplier to the client.</li><li><i>OutgoingInvoice</i> - Outgoing invoice sent from the client to a customer.</li><li><i>OutgoingCreditNote</i> - Outgoing credit note sent from the client to a customer.</li><li><i>IncomingBankRemittance</i> - Incoming bank remittance posting completed payments done by the client through a bank integration.</li><li><i>IncomingOcrGiro</i> - Incoming OCR giro payments to the client paid with CID.</li><li><i>ManualJournal</i> - Manual journal is a generic voucher type with various accounting entries without any specific kind.</li><li><i>Expense</i> - Expense are expenses that have been paid by an Employee on behalf of the organization (Norwegian: Utlegg).</li><li><i>CashJournal</i> - Cash journal contains accounting entries generated from a cash register.</li><li><i>IncomingPayments</i> - Incoming payments (Still exists due to backwards compability, but is replaced by VoucherType BankJournal).</li><li><i>OutgoingPayments</i> - Outgoing payments(Still exists due to backwards compability, but is replaced by VoucherType BankJournal).</li><li><i>YearEndJournal</i> - Year end journal containing the various year-end accounting entries. (Norwegian: Årsavslutningsbilag)</li><li><i>BankJournal</i> - Bank journal containing transactions from the bank.</li><li><i>VatReturns</i> - VAT returns are vouchers generated when reporting VAT.</li><li><i>PayrollJournal</i> - Payroll journal are vouchers containing payroll transactions.</li><li><i>OutgoingPaymentReminder</i> - Outgoing payment reminder containing fees and interest due to late payment of an outgoing invoice.</li><li><i>OutgoingNoticeOfDebtCollection</i> - Outgoing notice of debt collection containing fees and interest due to late payment of an outgoing invoice.</li><li><i>OutgoingPaymentDemand</i> - Outgoing payment demand containing fees and interest due to late payment of an outgoing invoice.</li><li><i>OutgoingWarrantOfExecution</i> - Outgoing warrant of execution containing fees and interest due to late payment of an outgoing invoice.</li><li><i>CorrectionVoucher</i> - Correction voucher generated to correct another wrongly posted voucher.</li><li><i>ReversalVoucher</i> - A voucher to reverse a previously wrongly posted voucher.</li><li><i>DepreciationJournal</i> - Depreciation journal generated when fixed assets are depreciated.</li><li><i>TravelExpense</i> - Travel expense voucher to post a travel expense sent from an employee.</li><li><i>Settlement</i> - Settlement after delivering various goods to a buyer, especially by agriculture businesses as an alternative to OutgoingInvoice. (Norwegian: Avregning)</li><li><i>NegativeSettlement</i> - Negative settlement after delivering various goods to a buyer and the seller (this client) that is an reduction in accounts receivable. This can be either due to a correction of a previously delivered settlement, or that the supplier (this client) bought more then the goods delivered from the customer. (Norwegian: Negativ avregning)</li><li><i>SystemGeneratedDocumentationVoucher</i> - Voucher generated by system to correct for missing vouchers.</li></ul>

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

